PEP 675: Clarify Motivation query examples are abridged (#2854)
python/peps: pep-0675.rst

::

>     def query_user(conn: Connection, user_id: str) -> None:
>         query = f"SELECT * FROM data WHERE user_id = {user_id}"
>         conn.execute(query)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    def query_user(conn: Connection, user_id: str) -> User:
        query = f"SELECT * FROM data WHERE user_id = {user_id}"
        conn.execute(query)
        ...
```

I.e. like this

    def query_user(conn: Connection, user_id: str) -> User:
        query = f"SELECT * FROM data WHERE user_id = {user_id}"
        conn.execute(query)

>         ...  # some actions to transform data to abstract class User, and return it
>     query_user(conn, "user123")  # OK.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        ...  # Transform data to a User object and return it

    query_user(conn, "user123")  # OK.
```

IMO, if we want a comment, this can be made more concise, and clearer that the data is being transformed to a User _instance object_ rather than a _class object_. Also, add missing line break.

    def query_user(conn: Connection, user_id: str) -> User:
        query = f"SELECT * FROM data WHERE user_id = {user_id}"

>         conn.execute(query)
>         ...
>         # Error: Expected LiteralString, got str.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        conn.execute(query)  # Error: Expected LiteralString, got str.
        ...
```

The typecheck error occurs on this line, not after the `...`, so let's put it there
